Docs for custom request and response body transforms (#1630)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/docfx/articles/transforms.md

All response trailers transforms must derive from the abstract base class [ResponseTrailersTransform](xref:Yarp.ReverseProxy.Transforms.ResponseTrailersTransform). These can freely modify the client HttpResponse trailers. These run after the response body and should not attempt to modify the response headers or body. Consider also adding a parametrized extension method on `TransformBuilderContext` for discoverability and easy of use.

### Request body transforms

YARP does not provide any built in transforms for modifying the request body. However, the body can be modified in custom transforms.

> Be careful about which kids of request are modified, how much data gets buffer, enforcing timeouts, parsing untrusted input, and updating the body related headers like `Content-Length`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful about which kinds of requests are modified, how much data gets buffered, enforcing timeouts, parsing untrusted input, and updating the body-related headers like `Content-Length`.
```

This sample requires YARP 1.1, see https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy/pull/1569.

```C#
.AddTransforms(context =>
{
    context.AddRequestTransform(async requestContext =>
    {
        using var reader = new StreamReader(requestContext.HttpContext.Request.Body);
        // TODO: size limits, timeouts
        var body = await reader.ReadToEndAsync();
        if (!string.IsNullOrEmpty(body))
        {
            body = body.Replace("Alpha", "Charlie");
            var bytes = Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(body);
            // Change Content-Length to match the modified body, or remove it.
            requestContext.HttpContext.Request.Body = new MemoryStream(bytes);
            // Request headers are copied before transforms are invoked, update any needed headers on the ProxyRequest
            requestContext.ProxyRequest.Content.Headers.ContentLength = bytes.Length;
        }
    });
});
```

### Response body transforms

YARP does not provide any built in transforms for modifying the response body. However, the body can be modified in custom transforms.

> Be careful about which kids of responses are modified, how much data gets buffer, enforcing timeouts, parsing untrusted input, and updating the body related headers like `Content-Length`. You may need to decompress content before modifying it, as indicated by the Content-Encoding header, and afterwards re-compress it or remove the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful about which kinds of responses are modified, how much data gets buffered, enforcing timeouts, parsing untrusted input, and updating the body-related headers like `Content-Length`. You may need to decompress content before modifying it, as indicated by the Content-Encoding header, and afterwards re-compress it or remove the header.
```
